[Music] Let's
see what's up with the wcol
singer who says wcol warn his
ex-girlfriend if she keeps talking bad about him
what ex-girlfriend is talking bad about wcol he
gets with an old lady and the old lady gets
with that Man daddy thank God that
that son of a [ __ ] showed his [ __ ] side before
really being in love the truth be very
grateful gonorrhea that has happened to me
I have been with women who have left their
boyfriend at home simply to
receive [ __ ] from someone famous because
because old dogs have not achieved
anything in [ __ ] life and you have seen
for example when I was with before
I slept with an old hona and
the old woman came out to tell a story there on
tiktok about when she slept with me as
if her greatest achievement was receiving my penis
and how stupid that woman is dude
Imagine how much of a failure that old woman is an
old woman told historically
when I was with wes I had been with
like 10 that same day and I the old woman
what a man brother  what are you talking about
my God if she was with me
keep quiet and keep it to yourself because it's not out of
passion but to show that she was
with me all those women bring out their
side eh bandit before you fall
in love to the point that you are you
want Conor rea to know if your girlfriend
is faithful or not eh Tell her to invite you to
a party there you go you realize what are
you going to do when I met a woman
who [ __ ] and tells you the truth I was
very bad with my boyfriend and that's why we
broke up you know my fault daddy have never
in your life seen yourself partner you talk
to your wife and with a woman and the
first thing she says is talk more
[ __ ] about the Man that you come up and say
that son of a [ __ ] Hitler that Marita they
called him adolescent there are many papi there is a
girlfriend of mine that lately is going out
talking a lot and the
next time she says something I'll burn her Who is it I
go out and burn her hon and threw all the
bursts hosa but there was one Of course like that like that there
was one that Dallas took her out  Do you
remember that Dallas took her out and recul
the girl after she had been
talking bad about wol around there will be the
same one that now suddenly is talking
bad about him because the girlfriend who comes out and
says that I have been a bad boyfriend burned her and
exploited her why do you think that
any woman Has told me that I
was a bad boyfriend because dude I
really was a good boyfriend man if you are you
just said a phrase that she said
is balca the singer and what is she
saying about him balca the
singer man are you saying about him that
but this girl is not Ah this
girl was not she did not break up with her
four months ago but this girl is not
this is the same as Dallas No she is not
the same she is not the same guy she is not the
same they are all the same style
right but of course if you are saying
publicly that any girlfriend who
dares to say something to you you burn her But there are
reasons why one acts in a very if you
understand me So uh I know
that I have ended relationships and I and I
for example take credit for that and
I end this relationship for  I do
n't feel ashamed but what a Perea [ __ ] if
some woman alone p partner
publicly plays the victim and in the
next one I turn her into [ __ ] and
make her go to sleep conora three
days straight crying Why so that she
learns to respect [ __ ] so that she sees
the mistakes that she made
because if one is also seeing
one's own mistakes it is important that
she also feels see yours or
if she is going to come out and speak and say something
[ __ ] that ah that this also comes out
and speaks what was done wrong let's talk we have to
have a balance people come out and
say like I can't believe you are
[ __ ] [ __ ] You are an angel fallen
from heaven and I am a [ __ ], it seems how well it is how
easy it is to deceive people bro
Imagine me going out in an interview saying
No the truth my heart is healing you
know eh can you send me where what
has been said about him more than anything
to see why so much [ __ ] has
offended so much in the
healing process I have been so hurt by everything
that has happened Of course obviously  but well I
have to continue what are people going to say
in the comments no no no my God what a
pity for his heart because people
let themselves be fooled very easily what a video
you're going to get crack e Ah that's me
magnus lol magnus lol Ah that's me the
video you thought you said that you were
going to make a video about this one and
I was thinking I say [ __ ] Well yeah by
lying you forced yourself I didn't want to
do it but you lie a lot okay Man
send it to me when I do it and we'll watch it
send it to me almost every day I have people who
make videos for me eh I recommend that you watch them eh You put Javi Oliveira here every day Eh every day every day and like three or four videos about me okay you put Javi Oliveira and order by date not backwards and you always get a few videos about me like
life having studied kids
having studied is what there is okay
cheat don't send it to me because if not I'll
lose it I have nothing to hide it's not
hard for me to say the mistakes that I
made because everyone  make
mistakes in this life and if I make
a mistake I'll tell the sandoo perfectly well
you know that if I did that you did
that and you're ashamed then I hope that they never
mention me again in this [ __ ]
life in an interview None of my ex
girlfriends ever unless they're going to
say the good things because I I Daddy I've
spent my time mentioning the good things about
everything or you when have you seen that I've
come out to speak ill of an ex girlfriend daddy
Speaking clearly I am a gentleman
brother and I have spoken ill of many
women who have also hurt me not
because of infidelity or anything I feel that they have
never been unfaithful to me I say sorry
because I'm afraid to say jacol talks
about the m Medelln but let's see you
mannu that we H see video is that there are
several hosts well then we are not
clear it is not one it is a
fairly veiled warning Hey
guys guys guys guys guys guys guys
guys it does not
appear here Oh it says 9200 but do you know
how many real views
this video on the main Channel already has  21000 21000
dude do you like the thumbnail with the
corners darkened like that I don't know if
I should ask him not to
darken them so much there are more visits no
no it's 21 21000 I tell him to put
the more normal ones or it doesn't matter okay we don't
touch it no it's green let's
leave it alone when I get the OCD
in a week we change the mini
no and that something comes out leaked and
done like a dick but yeah what a video
By the way hey dude what a video eh what a
video eh guys I mean really
bro I feel like they haven't
cheated on me I feel like I've been good I've been
good but there are mistakes bro that
literally suddenly the woman doesn't
even have anything to do with it that it's
women's problems and it has happened and it's
men's problems and etcetera and it
happens I acted badly many times many
times I was a bad person But
why because I had a partner who suffered from
depression that kept me sad it didn't
generate good energy in me So that
made me act differently everything was
negativity  So it was like dude I
also had another partner bro who was very
jealous she was too toxic dude I
couldn't even go out on the street So like a
[ __ ] I'm not going to act any
different yeah yeah every time I told
my friend let's go to Palmas no no no
my God God God and I but
calm down she's high you understand me I've
also had problems I've also
been bad I've gone out I've hit I
remember when I hit a girlfriend p 10
10 bro never done that in my life And I'm never
going to do it every time I say that
there he pulls his hair out in the in the ca
says Stop [ __ ] around with that Really
imagine saying that one confessing to that
crime here I've also had my
failures the other time my girlfriend m got
angry on me it got a little bit out of me I've
had my problems I have some very
tough things from you dude absolute hypocrisies
I'm sure you're not going to react because you're going
to say that I'm a random but that I've
passed it on to people close to you and they've
validated it I validate it for you magnus I
I'll validate it for you. Damn. I'll put it
here in the comments. Fixed it, [ __ ], but don't
spam anymore. Let's see if you're spamming
a bit, [ __ ]. Let's see,
man, you're having a lot of fun with that
Magnus bread.
[Music]